lua: introduce module triggers (#8622)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8656-trigger-registry.md

## feature/lua

> * Added the new module `trigger` to Lua. This module allows to manage and
>   call triggers stored in trigger registry (gh-8656).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced the new Lua module `trigger`. This module enables managing and
  calling triggers stored in trigger registry (gh-8656).
```
